Following folder contains useful imageJ macro commands that can fasten any analysis. 

**1)Color change and save**: Many times after image acquisition, we would like to set the channels in a different color. But what if you have 100 images? This macro would save you the effort of manually opening all the images and saving them separately. 

**2)Max intensity montage** : In case you want to take a overall look at your images and screen for any phenotypes, this macro is a great way which makes montage of your image with individual channels followed by all merged image along with the name tag. In addition to that, its easy to make a ppt at the end and import images as album and screen the images. In cases where the intensity of the channel itself is a phenotype, its suggested to open all the images manually, set the intensity of all channels for a reference image and set the same intensities across all images and run only the part of macro that starts saving max projections. Similar can be done for Avg intensity montage. Just change the option at   IJ.run("Z Project...", "projection=[Max Intensity]") to Average Intensity. 

**3)Saving as separate** : This macro specific to Leica Sp8 confocal microcopy. I'm not sure if its the same with others. During acquiring multiple images in the LasX software, unless each image is acquired in a different project, it opens as a sequence in image J. This is incredibly painful to work with in case of a multipoint image since each and every image has to be copied into another project and saved separately. This macro is useful in such scenario. The macro requires an image to be open. It saves each image separately into prompted folder with the name tag of the sequence. IMPORTANT NOTE: I have observed that a single project file containing multiple sequences once extracted into single images can have issues while importing into Imaris. Not sure what is the issue here. So its always recommended to have the main file as a backup. Besides Imaris itself can split the image into separate files once imported into it. 

**4)Excel formula for name** : This is a simple excel command used for getting the same sequence of file names from a given folder so that whenver you are analysing something, you dont have to type the name of the image file in excel. Open the folder that has all the images, sort by "name" , press shift and right click on the first image file, press on "copy as path", paste in the excel sheet and apply the following formula : =RIGHT(A2,LEN(A2)-FIND("*",SUBSTITUTE(A2,"\","*",LEN(A2)-LEN(SUBSTITUTE(A2,"\","")))))
